I know you guys are all wondering if the
man you're dating is toxic or not, but
honestly, who cares? Was he toxic? Was
he not toxic? Who cares? It does not
matter. And you know why? This might
hurt, but I'm going to tell you the
truth. Maybe, only maybe,
you are the one who was toxic. Hi guys,
welcome back to my channel. If you're
new here, my name is Mikaela, and today
I'm going to talk about how to really
attract a high-value man and why you
keep ending up with the toxic ones.
Let's get right into this. First of all,
we accept the love we think we deserve.
Yes, it's easy to point the finger on
the other person and say, "He was toxic.
He is the bad person. He is narcissist."
I am the master of doing that, okay? I
love to point my finger on the other
person and say, "He was just such a bad
man." But the truth is, it's not
important if he was toxic or not. It
actually isn't because it's not in your
hands. You can't change it. You can't do
anything. You have to ask yourself, not
if he was toxic, you have to ask
yourself, "Why did I accept this
behavior? Why did I entertain it? Why
did I stay in it so long?" People always
show you who they are very early on, but
you choose to ignore it. And then you
have to ask yourself, "Why did you
ignore it?" It's not because of love.
It's not because he was such a good
manipulator and deceived you. No, he was
not confusing you. You were the one who
saw the inconsistency, who were hurt,
who felt the pain, who saw the lack of
effort, mixed signals. You realized
there was cheating, there were lies, and
you chose to stay with this person. You
chose to believe in a version of this
person that showed you this version is
not who they are. And until you make the
unconscious conscious, it will direct
your life and you will call it fate.
It's not about bad luck, it's not about
all men are trash. No, this is about
patterns. And these patterns always come
from what do you feel familiar with,
what feels like chemistry, and what is
your nervous system used to. Ask
yourself, how did you experience love
when you were a child? How did your mom
experience love? What are you used to?
And what is really love for you? You
don't attract what you want, you always
attract what you are. And this is not
about looks or lifestyle, it is about
patterns. If your emotional patterns are
over giving, chasing, needing
validation, tolerating disrespect
because of fear of losing someone, being
very attached, this is what creates your
dating pool. This is what determines who
you are going to date, who you are going
to choose to let into your life, who you
are going to entertain, and also who you
are going to attract. Believe me, a good
man, a high value man, can actually lose
interest, become distant, or even
disrespectful if he finds himself in the
wrong dynamic. So, it's very, very
important that you know your own
patterns first, and you are going to be
that high value woman that a high value
man would be attracted to. Sometimes,
they are attracted to us, but we are not
attracted to them because of our
pattern. You actually need to be the
high value woman first before you can
attract a high value man. But, this is
not about looks. You need to be who you
want to attract also on an emotional
level. I have noticed for myself that I
kept attracting toxic patterns, toxic
dynamics in my life because I do not act
like a high-value woman when I'm
emotional. My emotional patterns are
desperate, pathetic, and all over the
place. I came to the conclusion that
actually no, I am not responsible for
someone else's actions. I'm not
responsible for
whatever their patterns or their
dynamics are. I always kept analyzing
the other person and looking for the
mistake what they did wrong. I am taking
radical responsibility
for my behavior. I don't care if the
other person did me wrong or not. I
entertained it. I stayed in toxic
patterns. I attracted this person and I
was attracted to this person, okay? So,
it will keep continue if I'm not
changing it. And even though I thought I
have been my best version of myself, I
was taking care of how I look, I'm
living a high-value life, I obviously
was not high-value in all areas of my
life. So, if you truly wants to be a
high-value woman, look at your emotional
patterns first. Everyone can be
beautiful, everyone can make money,
everyone can have the nicer things in
life and be a soft feminine woman, but
what is about your intellect? What is
about your emotions? What is about your
regulation? What is about your
inter-human connections? You cannot
expect a different outcome from
repeating the same patterns, especially
if you have had already a few
relationships and all of those
relationships have been ending up in the
same way or have been very similar. All
of them were toxic. The common
denominator is you. Yes, you can point
your finger. Yes, you can blame the
other person, but ultimately, the common
denominator is you. And you will not
come further. You will not move on and
attract differently if you keep doing
the way you were doing before. If you
keep choosing the way you were choosing
before. If you keep entertaining the
same things you were entertaining
before. And many times, this is not a
love problem or a relationship problem.
This is a self-respect problem that you
have. Chasing, over-giving, and
tolerating does not have to do anything
with being feminine, being soft, and
understanding. It actually is pathetic.
It allows toxic dynamics, and it comes
from zero self-respect. You don't get
what you deserve. You get what you
negotiate on. And now, this does not
mean that you should negotiate on your
standards. This means that standards are
not what you say. Standards are about
what you allow, what you stay in, and
what you walk away from. You can be the
sweetest, nicest, most loving and
caring, and most beautiful woman on
Earth. Yet, you will be disrespected if
you tolerate it, if you allow it, and if
you do not have any consequences for
people doing that. If you have zero
self-respect, you would rather stay in
relationships, rather tolerate
disrespect instead of enforcing your
boundaries, and letting go people that
do not align with your standards and
boundaries, you will be mistreated. You
will be disrespected. You will be
finding yourself in toxic dynamics, even
with the best people on Earth. People
will always treat you the way you allow
them to treat you. And this is actually
not only about men. This is about all
relationships, with friendships, with
love relationships, with family, with
everyone that you are interacting with.
If you allow them to disrespect you, if
you allow them to step over you, if you
allow them to do whatever they want with
you, of course they going to do that. If
you do not even respect yourself, how do
you think someone else will ever respect
you? What you tolerate is what will
continue. Every time you accept less,
every time you let a person step over
your boundaries, every time you're
tolerating things that hurt you, you
actually are telling yourself, "Hey
girl, you're not enough. You have to
tolerate disrespect. You have to
tolerate pain because nothing else is
going to come. Nobody else will ever
treat you better." And if you, you
yourself are talking to yourself in that
manner, nothing else will show up
differently. And I did that all the
time. I always told myself, "Oh, it's
not such a big of a deal. Maybe I'm
overreacting. Maybe
I didn't understand it right. Maybe I
can do something else. I can act
differently. I can do things differently
and then it will not happen again. Maybe
I can understand the person better." No.
No, this is so, so wrong because every
time when I did that, I was also telling
myself that I am wrong with having
certain standards, with feeling pain.
And I did do that a lot. Every time I
was facing disrespect, I was trying to
explain it to myself and talking it away
and making it seem like it was not such
a big of a deal. Or if I brought it up
and the reaction was not as I wish it
was,
I was getting so anxious and I was
really blaming it on myself, but the
actual fact is that I tolerated
disrespect. I tolerated someone treating
me badly. I tolerated someone treating
me in a way I do not want to be treated
and that's the only problem. If you as a
woman always accept, always explain,
always try to understand, you're also
always allowing it and you're going to
get more of it. And honestly, I have
heard many things on Instagram, in
reels, on social media and some people
say, "Oh, there is no princess
treatment. Princess treatment is not
real. You as a woman, you got to do
more. You got to bring something to the
table. That you have to look at yourself
and do more, give more and change the
way how you see things." But to be
honest, if I am talking to a woman who
has been over giving, over doing, over
explaining and doing more than necessary
and she has been hurt or she has been
finding herself in abusive and toxic
relationships over and over again, the
problem here is not that she should give
more and do more. No, the problem is
that she has to have more self-respect,
higher standards and enforce those
boundaries. So, if you're watching my
video right now and you are already
having high self-respect and you're very
demanding and entitled with men, then my
content is probably the wrong content to
watch because I'm going to tell you have
higher standards, higher self-respect,
so you will stop finding yourself in
those dynamics. But I'm definitely also
not telling you to be rude, to be
entitled and to be very demanding. No.
If you don't change direction, you will
end up exactly where you are right now.
Become the woman that you admire. Become
the woman that does not accept and
tolerate chaos and be ready for peace.
Whatever it is that you want in your
life, it is a man, it is a certain
income, it is a job. It might was
already right in front of your nose, but
you didn't see it, you didn't
acknowledge it, or you just didn't find
it attractive at that moment because you
were not the right match for that in
that moment. You were not attracted to
what you actually wanted. So, think
about it. Who is that woman that you
want to be? Is she emotionally
regulated? How is she dealing with a
situation when a man is just
disappearing? How is she dealing with
disrespect?
How is she dealing with difficulties in
life, with stress situations? How is she
dealing with all of this on an emotional
side? What is the woman that you admire
doing? And it helps if you look at
someone on the internet that you admire.
For example, let's say you admire the
Wizard Liss. What exactly is it that you
admire in her? Is it her strength, her
self-respect? Is it that she is a
YouTuber? Is it her confidence? Think
about it and write it down. Do not write
down any superficial things. I want you
to not think about the money and the
looks. Think about the energy behind it.
What is the energy that you admire in
this person? And then ask yourself and
inform yourself, how can you get to
this? Because usually we admire what we
don't have. Now, if I'm watching Wizard
Liss and I'm thinking, "Wow, she has
such a high self-respect and she values
herself, she loves herself." That's what
I admire in her because most probably
I'm missing it. And now it's my turn to
reinforce that, to learn how to do that.
Get therapy. Yes, I'm doing therapy
every week. I am working on myself. I'm
trying to understand myself and I am
choosing to learn to become a better
version of me. I will become the woman
that I admire to be. It takes certain
steps. It's not comfortable,
but it's way better
than choosing the same patterns that
hurt me over and over again.
Self-respect is the root of all
discipline. If you go to brush your
teeth, it is because you respect
yourself enough to know, "Hey, you're
going to brush your teeth every morning
and every night because otherwise you
will have nasty teeth and your mouth
will stink." If you choose to eat
healthy every single day, you choose to
go to the gym every single day, it is
because you respect yourself, okay?
Discipline is nothing else than
self-respect. Now, if you struggle with
discipline, you struggle with
self-respect. And I have seen this reel
just today.
She's saying that princess treatment is
not real. It's all about entitlement and
women think they have to bring nothing
to the table and they deserve everything
without doing anything. Princess
treatment is real,
but it has nothing to do with doing
nothing, sitting back, and expecting the
man to do everything, give everything,
being entitled and demanding. Princess
treatment or queen treatment is
something you get from a man because you
have standards. He sees that you value
yourself, you have self-control and
emotional stability. A man that truly
loves you, a man that sees that you have
those qualities of a queen or princess,
he will treat you as one, not because he
has to, not because you demand it,
because this is his nature, okay?
Discipline is choosing between what you
want now and what you want most. Many
times now we want attention, we want
reassurance, validation, temporary
feelings and emotions, but what we want
most is respect, stability and real
love. Now, if you find yourself in a
disagreement, let's say with a man
because we are at this topic right now,
and he is hanging up on you. Very
disrespectful, right? If your first
initial reaction is, "I'm anxious. I
need to call back. I need to check. I
need to fix." then this is what you want
right now. And at the same time, you are
ruining what you want most, which is of
course respect. So many times we are
self-sabotaging
because we act on that urges, on what we
want right now. We forget about what we
want most and what actually is needed to
get what we want most. And that's when
discipline again comes into play. If you
need that constant attention and
validation and you do not have enough
discipline to stick through the
consequences that you give when someone
is disrespecting you, when someone is
doing something that hurt you, you
simply are lacking self-respect. If
you're lacking self-respect, you are
lacking discipline. If you're lacking
discipline, you are also sabotaging
yourself in relationships, in everything
in life. If you want to lose weight and
you keep eating junk food because you do
not have enough discipline, aka
self-respect, you're not going to
achieve to have a better body. If you
want to grow a business, but you do not
have the discipline to do whatever is
necessary every single day, you are
lacking self-respect. You are
self-sabotaging.
Your life doesn't get better by chance,
it gets better by change. I want you to
finally stop asking where do I find a
high value man? Was my ex toxic? Is the
person that I'm dating toxic,
narcissistic, or a psychopath, or a
sociopath? Stop all of this and put all
the focus and energy on you and into
you, asking who do I need to become so I
stop entertaining anything less. Now, if
you want to know exactly how to become
this high value woman, how to recognize
the right man and the wrong man very,
very early on so you stop wasting your
time on the wrong ones, I have written a
best-selling book that you can download
right in the link below. Anyways, guys,
thank you so much for watching. I hope
this could help, and I'll see you in my
next video. Bye-bye.